README.md, before:

# Open-Budget-ABQ
This project will display the City of Albuquerque's annual budget in a user friendly web application, allowing citizens to better understand how their tax dollars are being spent and how city services are prioritized.

[Read more](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_QMtesnSFiEhv_ZucwbfkAF0KcPpEsH99120LpU0des/edit) about the tech specs and our initial assessment of its value to the community.

Have some input? We are now soliciting [public comments](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YGKSBixl7ap8Guoc9gV9pOcMHypVItcUoUlfxCoY7Eo/edit?usp=sharing).

## Development

We welcome contributions from anyone at any time, either in code or in the issue queue. If you fork this repository and make improvements, we encourage you to submit a pull request so we can consider incorporating your improvements.

## Branching 

All development is happening on the *dev* branch and feature branches. Feature branches will be merged into *dev*. We will only merge into *master* when we are ready to release a stable version.

## Requirements
* A web server with the [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) package manager installed


## Installation
1. Run "npm install" to fetch the required libraries.
2. On the command line type: "gulp" for browserify and css outputs (same than: "gulp watch-all")

## Options

Watching:
* "gulp watch-css" to watch only the scss files and compile them into css
* "gulp watch-js" to watch only the js files and create the bundle.js automatically
* "gulp watch-all" to watch the scss (sass) files and the js files

Compiling: the watching calls these commands automatically. We list them just to be exhaustive:
* "gulp build-css" compile the scss (sass) files to css files
* "gulp build-js" compile the js files to bundle.js
* "gulp build-all" compile the scss (sass) files to css files and the js files to bundle.js

Minification and cleaning:
* "gulp build-min-css" build main.min.css, minified css version of main.css file
* "gulp build-min-js" build bundle.min.js, minified js version of bundle.js file
* "gulp clean" delete main.css and bundle.js files
* "gulp build-min-all" calls build-min-css, build-min-js and clean

If you get a "no such file or directory" error when building the js, try building the css first, which will complete your directory structure.

Commit message:

add local server instructions to the README file

README.md, after:

# Open-Budget-ABQ
This project will display the City of Albuquerque's annual budget in a user friendly web application, allowing citizens to better understand how their tax dollars are being spent and how city services are prioritized.

[Read more](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_QMtesnSFiEhv_ZucwbfkAF0KcPpEsH99120LpU0des/edit) about the tech specs and our initial assessment of its value to the community.

Have some input? We are now soliciting [public comments](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1YGKSBixl7ap8Guoc9gV9pOcMHypVItcUoUlfxCoY7Eo/edit?usp=sharing).

## Development

We welcome contributions from anyone at any time, either in code or in the issue queue. If you fork this repository and make improvements, we encourage you to submit a pull request so we can consider incorporating your improvements.

## Branching 

All development is happening on the *dev* branch and feature branches. Feature branches will be merged into *dev*. We will only merge into *master* when we are ready to release a stable version.

## Requirements
* A web server with the [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) package manager installed


## Installation
1. Run "npm install" to fetch the required libraries.
2. On the command line type: "gulp" for browserify and css outputs (same than: "gulp watch-all")
3. npm start to launch a local server or use any other local server

## Options

Watching:
* "gulp watch-css" to watch only the scss files and compile them into css
* "gulp watch-js" to watch only the js files and create the bundle.js automatically
* "gulp watch-all" to watch the scss (sass) files and the js files

Compiling: the watching calls these commands automatically. We list them just to be exhaustive:
* "gulp build-css" compile the scss (sass) files to css files
* "gulp build-js" compile the js files to bundle.js
* "gulp build-all" compile the scss (sass) files to css files and the js files to bundle.js

Minification and cleaning:
* "gulp build-min-css" build main.min.css, minified css version of main.css file
* "gulp build-min-js" build bundle.min.js, minified js version of bundle.js file
* "gulp clean" delete main.css and bundle.js files
* "gulp build-min-all" calls build-min-css, build-min-js and clean

If you get a "no such file or directory" error when building the js, try building the css first, which will complete your directory structure.
